frontend/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: add comprehensive READMEs for root, backend, and frontend

frontend/README.md, after:

# CineMuse Frontend

A cinematic, mood-driven interface designed for serendipitous discovery.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Next.js 15:** Latest app router and performance features.
- **Zustand:** Lightweight and fast state management.
- **Framer Motion:** High-fidelity animations and layout transitions.
- **Lucide React:** Consistent iconography.

## ✨ Visual Excellence

- **Mood Palettes:** The UI dynamically shifts between 5 distinct themes:
  - **Noir:** Dark, purple-accented atmospheric vibe.
  - **Sci-Fi:** High-contrast cyan and deep blues.
  - **Romance:** Soft pinks and crimson.
  - **Thriller:** High-alert reds and deep blacks.
  - **Fantasy:** Lush greens and gold.
- **Glassmorphism:** Elegant frosted-glass components using Backdrop Filters.
- **Parallax Media Cards:** 3D hover effects that bring media posters to life.

## 📂 Key Folders

- `src/app`: Routes and page layouts.
- `src/components`: UI primitives and composite features.
- `src/hooks`: Data fetching and search integration.
- `src/stores`: State management for Auth and Search.
- `src/lib/theme`: The logic behind the dynamic mood system.

## 🚀 Local Development

1. `npm install`
2. `npm run dev`
3. The app is proxied to expect the backend at `http://localhost:3002`.

## 🌐 API Proxy

This project uses Next.js rewrites to proxy all `/api/*` requests to the backend server. No CORS issues or separate base URLs required in production.
